fix: update the a11y statement (#262)
alphagov/govwifi-product-page: source/_statement.html.md

### Non compliance with the accessibility regulations

> We have identified the following issues:

Reviewer: Do we need this line? It duplicates line 32

On our administrative portal, not all of our pages are identified with a unique title.

> We'll make all these elements fully accessible by the end of the year.

Reviewer: By "these elements" are we referring to line 38 about the admin portal? If so, it should be singular. So just "We'll make this fully accessible by the end of the year."

> The following content on the GovWifi Status Page is not compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard. The non-compliances, are listed below:

Reviewer: Remove the comma after 'compliances'

> * an incorrect heading hierarchy which fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

Reviewer: The formatting of the bullet points and punctuation here isn't quite right. 

As there's a lead in sentence, all the bullet points should start with a lower case letter, only contain one sentence, and not end in a full stop. This can confuse screen readers, because it's not sure whether to treat the content as bullet points or paragraphs. The [PaaS statement](https://www.cloud.service.gov.uk/accessibility-statement/) doesn't have a lead in line, so the bullet points are all self-contained and consistent. So you could do it either way.

* missing level 1 headings (users may not be able to accurately determine the structure of content on the page).
* Our status incident page is missing the main heading and the status home page has an incorrect heading hierarchy. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).
* Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ link does not contain programmatically discernible link text. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

> * Our status page subscribe to updates form fields do not contain an explicit label. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

Reviewer: Add single quote marks every time we say 'subscribe to updates', as we do the first time it's mentioned (like in line 47)

### Non compliance with the accessibility regulations

* On our administrative portal, not all of our pages are identified with a unique title.

* Our [status incident page](https://status.wifi.service.gov.uk/) has an incorrect heading hierarchy which fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

* Our status page is missing level 1 headings (users may not be able to accurately determine the structure of content on the page).

* Our status page is missing the main heading and the status home page has an incorrect heading hierarchy. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ link does not contain programmatically discernible link text. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' link does not contain programmatically discernible link text. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).
```

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ form fields do not contain an explicit label. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' form fields do not contain an explicit label. This fails WCAG 2.1A 1.3.1 success criterion (Info and Relationships).
```

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ forms do not indicate to users that they are expandable or collapsible. This fails WCAG 2.1A 4.1.2 success criterion (Name, Role, Value).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' forms do not indicate to users that they are expandable or collapsible. This fails WCAG 2.1A 4.1.2 success criterion (Name, Role, Value).
```

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ forms contain some text that does not meet the minimum colour contrast requirements. This fails WCAG 2.1AA 1.4.3 success criterion (Contrast (Minimum)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' forms contain some text that does not meet the minimum colour contrast requirements. This fails WCAG 2.1AA 1.4.3 success criterion (Contrast (Minimum)).
```

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ form close link (x) is not descriptive enough for some users to determine its function or purpose. This fails WCAG 2.1A 2.4.4 success criterion (Link Purpose (In Context)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' form close link (x) is not descriptive enough for some users to determine its function or purpose. This fails WCAG 2.1A 2.4.4 success criterion (Link Purpose (In Context)).
```

> * Our status page ‘subscribe to updates’ forms, when submitted with incorrect data, do not inform screen reader users of the error message when it becomes available. This fails WCAG 2.1AA 4.1.3 success criterion (Status Messages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Our status page 'subscribe to updates' forms, when submitted with incorrect data, do not inform screen reader users of the error message when it becomes available. This fails WCAG 2.1AA 4.1.3 success criterion (Status Messages).
```
